Ælfgar	Old English form of Algar.
Ælfheah	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and heah "high". This was the name of an 11th-century archbishop of Canterbury, a saint and martyr, who is commonly known as Alphege or Elphege.
Ælfnoð	Derived from the Old English element ælf "elf" combined with noð "boldness, daring".
Ælfræd	Old English form of Alfred.
Ælfric	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and ric "ruler, king" (making it a cognate of Alberich). This was the name of a 10th-century archbishop of Canterbury, sometimes considered a saint.
Ælfsige	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and sige "victory".
Ælfstan	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and stan "stone".
Ælfweard	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and weard "guardian".
Ælfwig	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and wig "war, battle".
Ælfwine	Derived from the Old English elements ælf "elf" and wine "friend". This name was not commonly used after the Norman Conquest.
Ælred	Contracted form of Æðelræd. This was the name of a 12th-century English saint.
Æsc	Means  in Old English. This was the nickname of a 5th-century king of Kent, whose birth name was Oeric.
Æþelbeorht	Old English cognate of Adalbert (see Albert). This was the name of a Saxon king of England and two kings of Kent, one of whom was a saint. It became unused after the Normans introduced their form of Adalbert after their invasion.
Æðelberht	Variant of Æþelbeorht.
Æðelfrið	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and friþ "peace". The name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Æðelmær	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and mære "famous". A famous bearer was the 11th-century English monk Æðelmær of Malmesbury who attempted to fly with a gliding apparatus (breaking his legs in the process).
Æthelnoð	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and noð "boldness, daring".
Æðelræd	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and ræd "counsel, advice". This was the name of two Saxon kings of England including Æðelræd II "the Unready" whose realm was overrun by the Danes in the early 11th century. The name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Æþelræd	Variant of Æðelræd.
Æthelred	Variant of Æðelræd.
Æðelric	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and ric "ruler, king". This was the name of several early Anglo-Saxon kings.
Æthelric	Variant of Æðelric.
Æðelstan	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and stan "stone". This was the name of a 10th-century English king, the first to rule all of England. The name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest, though it enjoyed a modest revival (as Athelstan) in the 19th century.
Æthelstan	Variant of Æðelstan.
Æthelweald	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and weald "powerful, mighty".
Æthelweard	Derived from the Old English element æðele "noble" combined with weard "guardian".
Æðelwine	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and wine "friend". This was the name of a few Anglo-Saxon saints, including a 7th-century bishop of Lindsey. The name became rare after the Norman Conquest.
Æthelwine	Variant of Æðelwine.
Æðelwulf	Derived from the Old English elements æðele "noble" and wulf "wolf" (making it a cognate of Adolf). This name was borne by a 9th-century king of Wessex.
Bada	Old English name probably derived from beadu meaning .
Beorhtric	Derived from the Old English elements beorht "bright" and ric "ruler, king".
Beorhtsige	Derived from the Old English elements beorht "bright" and sige "victory".
Beornræd	Derived from the Old English elements beorn "warrior, man" and ræd "counsel, advice".
Botwulf	From Old English bot meaning "improvement" and wulf meaning "wolf". Saint Botwulf was a 7th-century English abbot. He may be the person after whom Boston is named.
Burgheard	Derived from the Old English elements burg "fortress" and heard "hard, firm, brave, hardy". It is a cognate of Burkhard.
Ceadda	Old English form of Chad.
Cenhelm	Old English form of Kenelm.
Cenric	Derived from Old English cene "bold" and ric "ruler, king".
Ceolmund	Derived from the Old English elements ceol "keel" and mund "protection".
Cerdic	Earlier form of Cedric, possibly of Brythonic origin.
Cola	Old English byname meaning , originally given to a person with dark features.
Cuthberht	Old English form of Cuthbert.
Cynebald	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and beald "bold, brave".
Cyneberht	Derived from the Old English elements cyne "royal" and beorht "bright".
Cynefrith	Variant of Cynefrið.
Cynefrið	Means  from Old English cyne "royal" and friþ "peace".
Cyneheard	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and heard "hard, firm, brave, hardy".
Cynemær	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and mære "famous".
Cyneric	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and ric "ruler, king".
Cynesige	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and sige "victory".
Cyneweard	Derived from Old English cyne "royal" and weard "guard".
Deorwine	Derived from the Old English elements deore "dear" and wine "friend".
Dudda	Old English byname possibly meaning .
Dunstan	From the Old English elements dunn "dark" and stan "stone". This name was borne by a 10th-century saint, the archbishop of Canterbury. It was occasionally used in the Middle Ages, though it died out after the 16th century. It was revived by the Tractarian movement in the 19th century.
Eadberht	Derived from the Old English elements ead "wealth, fortune" and beorht "bright". This was the name of an 8th-century king of Northumbria and three kings of Kent.
Eadgar	Old English form of Edgar.
Eadmund	Old English form of Edmund.
Eadric	Old English form of Edric.
Eadwald	Derived from the Old English elements ead "wealth, fortune" and weald "powerful, mighty". This was the name of an 8th-century king of East Anglia.
Eadweard	Old English form of Edward.
Eadwig	Derived from the Old English elements ead "wealth, fortune" and wig "war". This was the name of a Saxon king of England in the 10th century. The name fell out of use after the Norman Conquest.
Eadwine	Old English form of Edwin.
Eadwulf	Derived from the Old English elements ead "wealth, fortune" and wulf "wolf". This name fell out of use after the Norman Conquest.
Ealdberht	Derived from the Old English elements eald "old" and beorht "bright".
Ealdhelm	Derived from the Old English elements eald "old" and helm "helmet, protection". This was the name of a 7th-century English saint (commonly called Aldhelm).
Ealdræd	From the Old English elements eald "old" and ræd "counsel, advice". This name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Ealdwine	From the Old English elements eald "old" and wine "friend". This name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Ealhhere	Derived from the Old English elements ealh "temple" and here "army".
Ealhstan	Derived from the Old English element ealh "temple" combined with stan "stone".
Eardwulf	Derived from the Old English element eard "land" combined with wulf "wolf".
Eastmund	Old English form of Esmond.
Ecgberht	Old English form of Egbert.
Eoforheard	Derived from the Old English elements eofor "boar" and heard "hard, firm, brave, hardy". This is a cognate of Eberhard.
Eoforwine	Derived from the Old English elements eofor "boar" and wine "friend" (a cognate of Eberwin). This name was rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Glædwine	Old English name derived from the elements glæd "bright, cheerful, glad" and wine "friend". This name was not actually recorded in the Old English era, though it is attested starting in the 11th century.
Godric	Means , derived from Old English god combined with ric "ruler, king". This name died out a few centuries after the Norman Conquest.
Godwine	Means , derived from Old English god combined with wine "friend". This was the name of the powerful 11th-century Earl of Wessex, the father of King Harold II of England.
Heard	Short form of various Old English names containing the element heard meaning .
Hereward	Derived from the Old English elements here "army" and weard "guard". This was the name of an 11th-century Anglo-Saxon leader who rebelled against Norman rule.
Hereweald	Old English form of Harold.
Hildræd	Older form of Hildred.
Hroðgar	From Old English hroð "fame, glory" and gar "spear", making it a cognate of Hrodger (see Roger). The name became unused after the Normans introduced the continental form. In the Old English poem Beowulf this is the name of the Danish king.
Hrothgar	Variant of Hroðgar.
Hroðulf	From Old English hroð "fame, glory" and wulf "wolf", making it a cognate of Hrodulf (see Rudolf). This name appears in Beowulf belonging to the nephew of Hroðgar.
Hrothulf	Variant of Hroðulf.
Hunbeorht	From the Old English elements hun "bear cub" and beorht "bright", making it a cognate of Humbert. This name was borne by a 9th-century English saint.
Leofcild	Means , derived from the Old English elements leof "dear, beloved" and cild "child".
Leofdæg	Derived from the Old English element leof "dear, beloved" combined with dæg "day".
Leofric	Derived from the Old English element leof "dear, beloved" combined with ric "ruler, king".
Leofsige	Derived from the Old English elements leof "dear, beloved" and sige "victory".
Leofstan	Derived from the Old English element leof "dear, beloved" combined with stan "stone".
Leofwine	Means , derived from the Old English elements leof "dear, beloved" and wine "friend". This was the name of an 8th-century English saint, also known as Lebuin, who did missionary work in Frisia.
Mærwine	Derived from the Old English elements mære "famous" and wine "friend".
Osbeorht	Old English form of Osbert.
Osbeorn	Old English form of Osborn.
Osberht	Variant of Osbeorht.
Osgar	Derived from the Old English elements os "god" and gar "spear". It is a cognate of Ansgar.
Osmund	Old English form of Osmond.
Osweald	Old English form of Oswald.
Oswine	Old English form of Oswin.
Pæga	Old English name of unknown meaning.
Sæwine	Derived from the Old English elements sæ "sea" and wine "friend".
Sigeberht	Means , derived from Old English sige "victory" and beorht "bright" (a cognate of Siegbert). This was the name of a king of Wessex. The name fell out of use after the Norman Conquest.
Sigeweard	Derived from the Old English elements sige "victory" and weard "guard, guardian", making it a cognate of Sigurd.
Stithulf	Derived from the Old English elements stiþ "hard, stiff" and wulf "wolf".
Swiðhun	Old English form of Swithin.
Tata	Old English name probably meaning .
Uhtric	Derived from the Old English elements uhta "pre-dawn" and ric "ruler, king".
Wærmund	From Old English wær "aware, cautious" and mund "protection", making it a (partial) cognate of Veremund. This was the name of a legendary ancestor of the Mercians according to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle.
Waltheof	Old English name derived from the Old Norse Valþjófr. This was the name of a 12th-century English saint, an abbot of Melrose.
Wealdhere	From Old English weald "powerful, mighty" and here "army", making it a cognate of Walter.
Wealdmær	Derived from the Old English elements weald "powerful, mighty" and mære "famous" (a cognate of Waldemar).
Wealhmær	Derived from the Old English elements wealh "foreigner, Celt" and mære "famous".
Wemba	Byname derived from Old English wamb meaning .
Wigberht	Derived from the Old English elements wig "battle" and beorht "bright". This is also a continental Germanic equivalent, derived from the Old German elements wig and beraht. The name was borne by an 8th-century English saint who did missionary work in Frisia and Germany.
Wigheard	Old English name composed of the elements wig "battle" and heard "hard, firm, brave, hardy".
Wigmund	Old English form of Wymond.
Wigstan	Old English form of Wystan.
Wilfrith	Variant of Wilfrið.
Wilfrið	Old English form of Wilfred.
Wilheard	Old English cognate of Willihard.
Wilmǣr	From the Old English elements willa "will, desire" and mære "famous".
Wine	Derived from Old English wine .
Winfrith	Variant of Winfrið.
Winfrið	Old English form of Winfred.
Wulfnoð	Derived from the Old English elements wulf "wolf" and noð "boldness, daring". This name became rare after the Norman Conquest.
Wulfric	Old English name meaning , from the elements wulf "wolf" and ric "ruler, king".
Wulfsige	Derived from the Old English elements wulf "wolf" and sige "victory".
Wulfstan	Derived from the Old English elements wulf "wolf" and stan "stone".
