Adalberht	Old German form of Albert.
Adalbern	Derived from the Old German elements adal "noble" and bern "bear".
Adalbert	Old German form of Albert. This is the name of a patron saint of Bohemia, Poland and Prussia. He is known by his birth name Vojtěch in Czech and Wojciech in Polish.
Adalfarus	Derived from the Old German elements adal "noble" and fara "journey".
Adalfuns	Old German form of Alfonso.
Adalhard	Derived from the Old German elements adal "noble" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". Saint Adalhard or Adalard was a cousin of Charlemagne who became an abbot of Corbie.
Adalwin	From the Old German elements adal "noble" and wini "friend" (a cognate of Æðelwine).
Adalwolf	Old German form of Adolf.
Adelmar	From the Old German elements adal "noble" and mari "famous". It is a cognate of the Old English name Æðelmær.
Adhelm	From the Old German elements atto meaning "father" and helm meaning "helmet, protection".
Adolf	From the Old German name Adalwolf, which meant  from the elements adal "noble" and wolf. It was borne by several Swedish kings as a first or second name, most notably by Gustav II Adolf in the 17th century. Association with Adolf Hitler (1889-1945), the leader of the Nazi party in Germany during World War II, has lessened the use of this name.
Adolphus	Latinized form of Adolf.
Agi	Old German variant of Ago.
Agilulf	Old German name derived from the elements agil meaning "edge, blade" and wolf meaning "wolf". This name was borne by a 6th-century king of the Lombards and by an 8th-century saint (a bishop of Cologne).
Agimar	Derived from Old Frankish aggju or Old High German ekka meaning "edge, blade" combined with mari meaning "famous".
Ago	From the Old High German element ekka, Old Saxon eggia meaning  (Proto-Germanic *agjō). Alternatively it could be from Old High German egi meaning  (Proto-Germanic *agaz). This was the name of a 7th-century Duke of Friuli.
Aimeric	Probably a variant of Heimirich. Aimeric (or Aimery) was the name of several viscounts of Narbonne between the 11th and 13th centuries. It was also borne by the first king of Cyprus (12th century), originally from Poitou, France.
Aistulf	Derived from the Old German elements heisti "loud, violent" and wolf "wolf". This was the name of an 8th-century king of the Lombards.
Alard	Variant of Adalhard.
Alawar	Possible Frankish cognate of Álvaro.
Alberic	Variant of Alberich.
Alberich	Derived from the Old German elements alb "elf" and rih "ruler, king". It was borne by two Lombard dukes of Spoleto in the 10th century. It was also the name of a 12th-century French saint who helped found the Cistercian Order.
Albert	From the Germanic name Adalbert meaning , composed of the elements adal "noble" and beraht "bright". This name was common among medieval German royalty. The Normans introduced it to England, where it replaced the Old English cognate Æþelbeorht. Though it became rare in England by the 17th century, it was repopularized in the 19th century by the German-born Prince Albert, the husband of Queen Victoria.
Albertus	Latinized form of Albert. This is the official Dutch form of the name, used on birth certificates but commonly rendered Albert in daily life.
Alboin	From the Old German elements alb "elf" and wini "friend". It is a cognate of Ælfwine. This was the name of a 6th-century king of the Lombards who began the Lombard conquest of Italy.
Aldebrand	Old German name derived from the elements alt meaning "old" and brant meaning "fire, torch, sword". Saint Aldebrand was a 12th-century bishop of Fossombrone in Italy.
Aldegar	Derived from the Old German elements alt "old" and ger "spear".
Aldhard	Derived from the Old German elements alt "old" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy".
Aldo	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element alt meaning  (Proto-Germanic *aldaz), and sometimes also with adal meaning  (Proto-Germanic *aþalaz).
Aldric	From a Germanic name, derived from the elements alt "old" and rih "ruler, king". Saint Aldric was a 9th-century bishop of Le Mans.
Aldwin	Derived from the Old German elements alt "old" and wini "friend". This is a cognate of Old English Ealdwine.
Alfbern	Derived from the Old German elements alb "elf" and bern "bear".
Alfhard	Old German name composed of the elements alb "elf" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy".
Alfher	Old German name composed of the elements alb "elf" and heri "army" (making it a cognate of Alvar).
Alfwin	Variant of Alboin.
Alibrand	From the Old German elements alles meaning "other, foreign" and brant meaning "fire, torch, sword".
Altwidus	Derived from the Old German elements alt "old" and witu "forest".
Alwin	Contracted form of Adalwin.
Amalbert	Derived from the Old German elements amal possibly meaning "unceasing, vigorous, brave" and beraht meaning "bright".
Amalrich	Old German form of Amalric.
Andebert	From the Old German element anto meaning "zeal" combined with beraht meaning "bright".
Angilbert	Variant of Engelbert.
Ansbert	Composed of the Old German elements ansi "god" and beraht "bright". It is a cognate of Osbert. This name was borne by a 7th-century Frankish saint, a bishop of Rouen.
Ansegar	Old German form of Ansgar.
Ansehelm	Old German form of Anselm.
Anselm	Derived from the Old German elements ansi "god" and helm "helmet, protection". This name was brought to England in the late 11th century by Saint Anselm, who was born in northern Italy. He was archbishop of Canterbury and a Doctor of the Church.
Ansgar	Derived from the Old German elements ansi "god" and ger "spear". Saint Ansgar was a 9th-century Frankish missionary who tried to convert the Danes and Norwegians.
Anso	Short form of Germanic names beginning with the element ansi meaning  (Proto-Germanic *ansuz).
Ansoald	Old German form of Ansaldo.
Anthelm	From the Old German element anto meaning "zeal" combined with helm meaning "helmet, protection". Saint Anthelm was a 12th-century bishop of Belley in France.
Anzo	Derived from the Old German element enz meaning .
Archembald	Old German form of Ercanbald.
Arioald	From Arioaldus, a Latin form of Hariwald. This was the name of a 7th-century king of the Lombards.
Arnifrid	Old German form of Arnfried.
Arnoald	Old German form of Arnold.
Arnold	From a Germanic name meaning , derived from the elements arn "eagle" and walt "power, authority". The Normans brought it to England, where it replaced the Old English cognate Earnweald. It died out as an English name after the Middle Ages, but it was revived in the 19th century.
Arnulf	Germanic name derived from the elements arn meaning "eagle" and wolf meaning "wolf". This name was borne by a few early saints, notably a 7th-century Frankish bishop of Metz. It was also the name of a 9th-century Holy Roman emperor.
Ascelin	Derived from a diminutive of the Old German element asc meaning  (Proto-Germanic *askaz).
Asco	Derived from the Old German element asc meaning  (Proto-Germanic *askaz).
Audagar	Derived from the Old Frankish elements aud meaning "wealth, fortune" and gair meaning "spear". It is a cognate of Edgar. This was the name of an 8th-century Frankish nobleman who was exiled by Charlemagne. He forms the basis for the character known as Ogier in later French tales.
Audamar	Old German form of Otmar.
Audo	Old German form of Otto.
Audoin	From Audoinus, the Latin form of the Germanic names Audowin or Aldwin. Audoin (or Auduin or Alduin) was a 6th-century king of the Lombards.
Audowin	Derived from Old Frankish aud or Old High German ot meaning "wealth, fortune" combined with wini meaning "friend". This is a cognate of Edwin.
Autchar	Variant of Audagar.
Badulf	Derived from the Old German elements batu meaning "battle" and wolf meaning "wolf".
Badurad	Derived from the Old German elements batu "battle" and rat "counsel, advice".
Balderich	Old German form of Baldric.
Baldewin	Old German form of Baldwin.
Baldilo	Originally a diminutive of names containing the Old German element bald meaning  (Proto-Germanic *balþaz).
Baldo	Originally a short form of names containing the Old German element bald meaning  (Proto-Germanic *balþaz), such as Baldwin and Theobald. In Italian it can also be short for the non-Germanic name Baldassare.
Baldomar	Old German form of Baldomero.
Baldwin	Means , derived from the Old German elements bald "bold, brave" and wini "friend". In the Middle Ages this was a popular name in Flanders and among the Normans, who brought it to Britain. It was borne by one of the leaders of the First Crusade, an 11th-century nobleman from Flanders. After the crusaders conquered Jerusalem, he was crowned as the king of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Bardulf	Derived from the Old German elements barta "axe" and wolf "wolf".
Baugulf	Derived from the Old German elements boug meaning "ring, bracelet" and wolf meaning "wolf".
Berahard	Old German form of Berard.
Berahthraban	Old German form of Bertram, using an extended form of the second element.
Berahthram	Old German form of Bertram.
Berard	Variant of Bernard using the related root bero "bear" as the first element. This was the name of a 13th-century saint from Carbio, Italy who was martyred in Morocco.
Berengar	Old German name derived from the elements bern "bear" and ger "spear". This was the name of two medieval kings of Italy and a Holy Roman emperor.
Berenhard	Old German form of Bernard.
Berhtoald	Old German form of Berthold.
Bernard	Derived from the Old German element bern "bear" combined with hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". The Normans brought it to England, where it replaced the Old English cognate Beornheard. This was the name of several saints, including Saint Bernard of Menthon who built hospices in the Swiss Alps in the 10th century, and Saint Bernard of Clairvaux, a 12th-century theologian and Doctor of the Church. Other famous bearers include the Irish playwright and essayist George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) and the British World War II field marshal Bernard Montgomery (1887-1976).
Bernhard	German, Dutch and Scandinavian form of Bernard.
Bertilo	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element beraht meaning .
Bertram	Means , derived from the Old German element beraht "bright" combined with hram "raven". This name has long been conflated with Bertrand. The Normans introduced it to England, and Shakespeare used it in his play All's Well That Ends Well (1603).
Bertrand	Derived from the Old German elements beraht meaning "bright" and rant meaning "rim (of a shield)". From an early date it has been confused with Bertram and the two names have merged to some degree. Saint Bertrand was an 11th-century bishop of Comminges in France. Another famous bearer was the English philosopher Bertrand Russell (1872-1970).
Blanchard	Derived from the Old German elements blanc meaning "white" and hart meaning "hard, firm, brave, hardy". This was the name of an obscure (perhaps legendary) 7th-century French saint.
Bodo	Old German form of Bode.
Brando	Germanic name derived from the element brant meaning .
Bruno	Derived from the Old German element brunna meaning  (Proto-Germanic *brunjǭ) or brun meaning  (Proto-Germanic *brūnaz). Saint Bruno of Cologne was a German monk of the 11th century who founded the Carthusian Order. The surname has belonged to Giordano Bruno, a philosopher burned at the stake by the Inquisition. A modern bearer is the American singer Bruno Mars (1985-), born Peter Gene Hernandez.
Burchard	Variant of Burkhard.
Burkhard	Derived from the Old German elements burg "fortress" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy", or perhaps from the Old English cognate Burgheard. Saint Burkhard was an 8th-century Anglo-Saxon missionary to Germany (a companion of Boniface) who became the first bishop of Würzburg.
Burkhart	Variant of Burkhard.
Carlman	Old German variant of Carloman.
Carloman	From an Old German name derived from karl meaning "man" and man meaning "person, man". This was the name of several Frankish rulers, including the 8th-century Carloman I who ruled jointly with his brother Charlemagne for a time.
Carolus	Latin form of Charles.
Charibert	Old German (Frankish) variant of Haribert. This name was borne by two Merovingian kings of the Franks (6th and 7th centuries).
Childebert	Old German (Frankish) form of Hildebert. This name was borne by four Merovingian Frankish kings (between the 6th and 8th centuries).
Childeric	Old German (Frankish) variant of Hilderic.
Chilperic	Old German (Frankish) variant of Hilperic.
Chlodochar	Old German variant of Lothar.
Chlodovech	From Chlodovechus, a Latinized form of the Germanic name Hludwig (see Ludwig).
Chlodulf	Old German form of Ludolf.
Chlothar	Old German form of Lothar.
Clodovicus	Latinized form of the Germanic name Hludwig (see Ludwig).
Colobert	Old German name composed of (possibly) the element kollo meaning "head, peak" and beraht meaning "bright".
Conrad	Means , derived from the Old German elements kuoni "brave" and rat "counsel, advice". This was the name of a 10th-century saint and bishop of Konstanz, in southern Germany. It was also borne by several medieval German kings and dukes, notably Conrad II, the first of the Holy Roman Emperors from the Salic dynasty. In England it was occasionally used during the Middle Ages, but has only been common since the 19th century when it was reintroduced from Germany.
Dagobert	Means , derived from Old Frankish dag or Old High German tag meaning "day" combined with Old Frankish berht or Old High German beraht meaning "bright". This was the name of a 7th-century Merovingian king of the Franks.
Eberhard	Old German name meaning , derived from the elements ebur "wild boar" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". This name was borne by an influential 9th-century Duke of Friuli. It was also the name of a 12th-century German saint, an archbishop of Salzburg.
Eberwin	Derived from the Old German elements ebur "boar" and wini "friend".
Egilhard	Old German name derived from the elements agil "edge, blade" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". Usually called Eilhart, this was a medieval German poet who wrote an early version of the Tristan and Iseult tale.
Egilmar	Derived from the Old German elements agil "edge, blade" and mari "famous". Egilmar (or Elimar) was the name of two counts of Oldenburg in the 12th century.
Egino	Old German form of Egon.
Ekkebert	From the Old German elements ekka "edge, blade" and beraht "bright". This is a cognate of the English name Egbert.
Ekkehard	Derived from the Old German elements ekka "edge, blade" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". Eckhart von Hochheim was a 13th-century Dominican friar, philosopher and mystic who was accused of heresy during the Inquisition.
Ellanher	Old German name composed of the elements ellan "courage" and heri "army".
Emmerich	Germanic name, in which the second element is rih "ruler, king". The first element may be irmin "whole, great" (making it a relative of Ermenrich), amal "unceasing, vigorous, brave" (making it a relative of Amalric) or heim "home" (making it a relative of Henry). It is likely that several forms merged into a single name.
Engel	Originally this may have been a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element angil, referring to the Germanic tribe known in English as the Angles. However, from early times it has been strongly associated with the Old German word engil meaning  (of Latin and Greek origin).
Engelbert	Old German name composed of either the element angil, from the name of the Germanic tribe of the Angles, or engil meaning "angel" combined with beraht meaning "bright". Saint Engelbert was a 13th-century archbishop of Cologne murdered by assassins.
Engilram	Old German form of Ingram.
Ercanbald	Old German form of Archibald.
Erhard	Derived from the Old German element era "honour, respect" combined with hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". Saint Erhard was a 7th-century bishop of Regensburg in Bavaria.
Ermenrich	From the Gothic name *Airmanareiks, from the elements airmans "great, immense" and reiks "ruler, king". Ermenrich (also often called Ermanaric) was a 4th-century Gothic king.
Erminigild	Old German form of Hermenegildo.
Ernust	Old German form of Ernest.
Erwin	Derived from the Old German name Hariwini, composed of the elements heri "army" and wini "friend". It may have merged somewhat with the name Eberwin. A notable bearer was Erwin Schrödinger (1887-1961), an Austrian physicist who made contributions to quantum theory.
Ewald	From an Old German name that was composed of the elements ewa "law, custom" and walt "power, authority". This name was borne by two 7th-century saints from Northumbria who were martyred in Saxony.
Faramund	Derived from the Old German elements fara "journey" and munt "protection". This was the name of a semi-legendary 5th-century king of the Franks.
Faro	Originally a short form of Germanic names containing the element fara meaning "journey" (Proto-Germanic *farō). This was the name of a 7th-century Burgundian bishop of Meaux, France.
Faroald	Derived from the Old German elements fara "journey" and walt "power, authority". This name was borne by the first Duke of Spoleto, a 6th-century Lombard.
Filibert	Means  from the Old German elements filu "much" and beraht "bright". This was the name of a 7th-century Frankish saint, commonly called Philibert.
Folcmar	Old German form of Volkmar.
Franko	Croatian form of Franco, as well as the Old German form.
Fridenot	Derived from the Old German elements fridu "peace" and not "need".
Friduhelm	Old German form of Friedhelm.
Friduman	Old German form of Friedemann.
Fridumar	Derived from the Old German elements fridu "peace" and mari "famous".
Friduric	Old German form of Frederick.
Fridwald	Old German form of Friedhold.
Fulbert	From the Old German elements folk "people" and beraht "bright". Saint Fulbert was an 11th-century bishop of Chartres.
Fulchard	Old German form of Volkhard.
Fulcher	Old German form of Volker.
Fulco	Old German form of Fulk.
Garibald	Derived from the Old German elements garo meaning "ready, prepared" and bald meaning "bold, brave". This name was borne by two rulers of Bavaria in the 6th and 7th centuries, as well as a king of the Lombards in the 7th century.
Gasto	Old German form of Gaston.
Gaufrid	Derived from the Old German elements gawi "territory, region" and fridu "peace".
Gautbert	Germanic name derived from the elements *gautaz "Geat" (a North Germanic tribe) and beraht "bright".
Gautfrid	Germanic name derived from the elements *gautaz "Geat" (a North Germanic tribe) and fridu "peace".
Gautselin	Old German form of Jocelyn.
Gautwin	Old German form of Goswin.
Gebahard	Old German form of Gebhard.
Gebhard	Derived from the Old German element geba "gift" combined with hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". Saint Gebhard was a 10th-century bishop of Constance.
Gerbald	Derived from the Old German elements ger meaning "spear" and bald meaning "bold, brave". This was the name of a 7th-century Frankish saint, a bishop of Bayeux (also called Gerbold).
Gerbern	Old German form of Gerben.
Gerbold	Variant of Gerbald.
Gerfrid	Old German form of Gerfried.
Gerhard	German, Dutch and Scandinavian form of Gerard.
Gerlach	Derived from the Old German element ger "spear" combined with (possibly) lahhi "doctor, healer". Saint Gerlach was a 12th-century Dutch soldier who became a hermit.
Germund	Derived from the Old German elements ger "spear" and munt "protection".
Gernot	Derived from the Old German elements ger "spear" and not "need". It is used in the medieval German saga the Nibelungenlied for one of the brothers of Gunther.
Gero	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with Old Frankish gair or Old High German ger meaning  (Proto-Germanic *gaizaz).
Geroald	Old German form of Gerald.
Gerold	German form of Gerald.
Gerulf	Derived from Old German ger meaning "spear" and wolf meaning "wolf". This was the name of an 8th-century saint and martyr from Drongen, Belgium.
Gervasius	Possibly a Latinized form of a Germanic name with a first element deriving from ger "spear". The second element is uncertain, though some propose it to be Gaulish *wassos "servant". Alternatively the name could be related to the Greek word γεραιός (geraios) "old".
Gerwas	Old German form (possibly) of Gervasius.
Gilbert	Means , derived from the Old German elements gisal "pledge, hostage" and beraht "bright". The Normans introduced this name to England, where it was common during the Middle Ages. It was borne by a 12th-century English saint, the founder of the religious order known as the Gilbertines.
Giltbert	Derived from the Old German elements gelt "payment, tribute, compensation" and beraht "bright".
Gisbert	From a Germanic name in which the second element is beraht "bright". The first element is probably a shortened form of gisal "pledge, hostage" (making it a variant of Gilbert), though it could be related to Gaulish *gaisos "spear" (itself probably of Germanic origin).
Giselbert	Old German form of Gilbert.
Giselher	Derived from the Old German elements gisal "hostage" and heri "army." This was the name of a 5th-century king of Burgundy.
Giselmund	From the Old German elements gisal meaning "hostage, pledge" and munt meaning "protection".
Gisilbert	Old German form of Gilbert.
Gisilfrid	Derived from the Old German elements gisal "hostage" and fridu "peace".
Gislenus	Latinized form of Gislin (see Ghislain).
Gislin	Old German form of Ghislain.
Gismund	Germanic name, possibly a variant of Giselmund.
Goda 	Germanic name derived from the element guot meaning  or got meaning .
Godabert	Old German name derived from the elements got "god" and beraht "bright". This was the name of a 7th-century king of the Lombards.
Godefrid	Old German form of Godfrey.
Godehard	Old German name derived from the elements got "god" and hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy". This was the name of an 11th-century saint who was a bishop of Hildesheim.
Godescalc	Old German form of Gottschalk.
Goteleib	Old German name derived from the elements got "god" and liob "dear, beloved". This is a German translation of Theophilus.
Gozzo	Originally a diminutive of names beginning with the Old German element goz, which was from the name of the Germanic tribe the Geats (Proto-Germanic *gautaz).
Grimwald	From the Old German elements grimo "mask" and walt "power, authority".
Gumarich	Derived from the Old German elements gomo meaning "man" and rih meaning "ruler, king".
Gundahar	Old German form of Gunther.
Gundhram	Old German form of Guntram.
Gundisalvus	Old German (Latinized) form of Gonzalo.
Hadubert	Old German name derived from the elements hadu "battle" and beraht "bright".
Hagano	Old German form of Hagen.
Haimo	Short form of Germanic names beginning with Old Frankish haim or Old High German heim meaning  (Proto-Germanic *haimaz).
Hardman	Old German form of Hartmann.
Hardmod	Old German form of Hartmut.
Hardwic	Old German variant of Hartwig.
Hardwin	Old German form of Hartwin.
Haribert	Old German form of Herbert.
Hariman	Old German form of Herman.
Hariwald	Old German form of Harold.
Hariwini	Old German form of Erwin.
Hartmut	Means , derived from the Old German elements hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy" and muot "mind, spirit". This is the kidnapper of Gudrun in the medieval German epic Kudrun.
Hartwig	Derived from the Old German elements hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy" and wig "battle".
Hartwin	Means  from the Old German elements hart "hard, firm, brave, hardy" and wini "friend".
Hasso	Germanic name, possibly referring to a member of the Germanic tribe of the Hessians, called the Chatti in antiquity.
Heidrich	Derived from the Old German element (possibly) heida "heath, heather" combined with rih "ruler, king".
Heilfrid	Derived from the Old German elements heil "healthy, whole" and fridu "peace".
Heimirich	Old German form of Henry.
Heinrich	German form of Henry. This was the name of several German kings.
Helmfrid	Old German form of Helmfried.
Helmo	Short form of Germanic names that began with the element helm meaning  (Proto-Germanic *helmaz).
Helmold	Old German name derived from the elements helm "helmet" and walt "power, authority".
Helmut	Derived from the Old German element helm "helmet" (or perhaps heil "healthy, whole") combined with muot "mind, spirit".
Henricus	Latinized form of Heinrich. As a Dutch name, it is used on birth certificates though a vernacular form such as Hendrik is typically used in daily life.
Herman	Means , derived from the Old German elements heri "army" and man "person, man". It was introduced to England by the Normans, died out, and was revived in the English-speaking world in the 19th century. It was borne by an 18th-century Russian missionary to Alaska who is venerated as a saint in the Orthodox Church, though in his case the name is an alternate transcription of German. Another famous bearer was the American writer Herman Melville (1819-1891), the author of Moby-Dick.
Hermannus	Variant of Hermanus.
Hermanus	Latinized form of Herman. As a Dutch name, it is used on birth certificates, with the form Herman typically used in daily life.
Hildebrand	Means , derived from the Old German element hilt "battle" combined with brant "fire, torch, sword". This was the name of the hero of an 8th-century poem written in Old High German.
Hildefons	Old German form of Ildefonso.
Hilderic	Derived from the Old German elements hilt "battle" and rih "ruler, king". Hilderic was a 6th-century king of the Vandals. This name was also borne by three early Merovingian Frankish kings, though their name is usually spelled as Childeric.
Hildiberht	Old German form of Hildebert.
Hildimar	Old German form of Hilmar.
Hilperic	Derived from the Old German elements helfa "help" and rih "ruler, king". This name was borne by two Burgundian kings and two Frankish kings (usually called Chilperic).
Hlothar	Old German form of Lothar.
Hludolf	Old German form of Ludolf.
Hlūdwīg	Frankish form (possibly) of Ludwig.
