Ada 	Originally a short form of Germanic names such as Adelaide or Adelina that begin with the element adal meaning \"noble\". Saint Ada was a 7th-century Frankish abbess at Le Mans. This name was also borne by Augusta Ada King (1815-1852), the Countess of Lovelace (known as Ada Lovelace), a daughter of Lord Byron. She was an assistant to Charles Babbage, the inventor of an early mechanical computer.
Adalgard	Old German form of Edelgard.
Adalgund	Derived from the Old German elements adal \"noble\" and gunda \"battle\". See also Aldegund.
Adalhaid	Old German form of Adelaide.
Adalheidis	Old German form of Adelaide.
Adalindis	Variant of Adallinda.
Adallinda	Derived from the Old German elements adal \"noble\" and lind \"soft, flexible, tender\". Adallinda (or Adalindis or Ethelind) was the name of one of the concubines of Charlemagne, with whom she had at least two children.
Adela	Originally a short form of names beginning with the Old German element adal meaning  (Proto-Germanic *aþalaz). Saint Adela was a 7th-century Frankish princess who founded a monastery at Pfazel in France. This name was also borne by a daughter of William the Conqueror.
Adelais	Shortened form of Adalheidis.
Adelgundis	Latinized form of Adalgund.
Adelina	From a Germanic name that was derived from the element adal meaning  (Proto-Germanic *aþalaz).
Aenor	Probably a Latinized form of a Germanic name of unknown meaning. This was the name of the mother of Eleanor of Aquitaine.
Alba 	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element alb meaning  (Proto-Germanic *albaz).
Alda 	Feminine form of Aldo.
Aldegund	Germanic name, derived from the elements alt \"old\" and gunda \"war\". Alternatively, it could be a metathesized form of Adalgund. Saint Aldegund (or Aldegundis or Adelgundis) was a 7th-century Frankish abbess at Maubeuge.
Aldegundis	Latinized form of Aldegund.
Alia 	Old German form of Ella .
Amalberga	Variant of Amalaberga, as borne by the Frankish saints Amalberga of Maubeuge (7th century) and Amalberga of Temse (8th century).
Amalia	Short form of Germanic names beginning with the element amal. This element means , or it can refer to the Gothic dynasty of the Amali (derived from the same root).
Amelina	Old German form of Emmeline.
Auda	Feminine form of Audo (see Otto).
Audovera	Derived from Old Frankish aud \"wealth, fortune\" combined with war \"true\" or war \"aware, cautious\". This was the name of the first wife of Chilperic I of Neustria.
Ava 	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element awi, of unknown meaning. This was the name of a 9th-century Frankish saint. It was also borne by a 12th-century poet from Melk, Austria.
Avelina 	Diminutive of Avila.
Aveza	Old German form of Avis.
Avila	Derived from the Old German element awi, of unknown meaning. Rarely, this name may be given in honour of the 16th-century mystic Saint Teresa of Ávila, Ávila being the name of the town in Spain where she was born.
Baduhilt	Old German form of Bathilde.
Baldechild	Old German (Frankish) variant of Balthild.
Balthild	Derived from the Old German elements bald \"bold, brave\" and hilt \"battle\". This was the name of a 7th-century saint, the wife of the Frankish king Clovis II. She was apparently an Anglo-Saxon, her original name being the Old English cognate Bealdhild. She is also called Bathilde.
Berengaria	Latinized feminine form of Berengar. This name was borne by a 13th-century queen of Castile.
Berhta	Old German form of Bertha.
Bertha	Originally a short form of Germanic names beginning with the Old Frankish or Old Saxon element berht, Old High German beraht meaning  (Proto-Germanic *berhtaz). This was the name of a few early saints, including a 6th-century Frankish princess who married and eventually converted King Æþelbeorht of Kent. It was also borne by the mother of Charlemagne in the 8th century (also called Bertrada), and it was popularized in England by the Normans. It died out as an English name after the Middle Ages, but was revived in the 19th century.
Berthild	Derived from the Old German elements beraht \"bright\" and hilt \"battle\". This was the name of a 7th-century saint, an abbess of Chelles in France.
Brunhild	Derived from the Old German elements brunna \"armour, protection\" and hilt \"battle\". It is cognate with the Old Norse name Brynhildr (from the elements brynja and hildr). In Norse legend Brynhildr was the queen of the valkyries who was rescued by the hero Sigurd. In the medieval German saga the Nibelungenlied she was a queen of Iceland and the wife of Gunther. Both of these characters were probably inspired by the eventful life of the 6th-century Frankish queen Brunhilda (of Visigothic birth).
Brunihild	Old German variant of Brunhild.
Chlodechilda	Frankish name derived from the elements hlut \"famous, loud\" and hilt \"battle\". See also Clotilde.
Chrodechildis	Latinized Frankish form of Clotilde.
Clothildis	Medieval Latin form of Chrodechildis and Chlodechilda (see Clotilde).
Cunigund	Old German form of Kunigunde.
Emma	Originally a short form of Germanic names that began with the element irmin meaning  or  (Proto-Germanic *ermunaz). It was introduced to England by Emma of Normandy, who was the wife both of King Ethelred II (and by him the mother of Edward the Confessor) and later of King Canute. It was also borne by an 11th-century Austrian saint, who is sometimes called Hemma.
Engel	Originally this may have been a short form of Germanic names beginning with the element angil, referring to the Germanic tribe known in English as the Angles. However, from early times it has been strongly associated with the Old German word engil meaning  (of Latin and Greek origin).
Ermelinde	Derived from the Old German elements irmin \"whole, great\" and lind \"soft, flexible, tender\". This was the name of a 6th-century Frankish saint from Meldert, Flanders.
Ermendrud	Derived from the Old German elements irmin \"whole, great\" and drud \"strength\". This was the name of the wife of the Frankish king Charles the Bald (9th century).
Ermengard	Derived from the Old German elements irmin meaning \"whole, great\" and gart meaning \"enclosure, yard\". This name was borne by the wife of the Frankish king Louis the Pious (9th century). This was also the name of one of her granddaughters, an abbess of Frauenwörth who is regarded as a saint.
Ermengarde	Variant of Ermengard.
Ermengardis	Latinized form of Ermengard.
Ermentrud	Variant form of Ermendrud.
Ermentrude	Variant of Ermendrud.
Ermentrudis	Latinized form of Ermendrud.
Erminhilt	Old German form of Irmhild.
Erminlinda	Old German variant of Ermelinde.
Farahild	Old German form of Pharaildis.
Farohildis	Variant of Pharaildis.
Frida 	Originally a short form of names containing the Old German element fridu meaning  (Proto-Germanic *friþuz). A famous bearer was the Mexican painter Frida Kahlo (1907-1954).
Geredrudis	Latinized form of Gertrud.
Gerhild	Derived from the Old German elements ger \"spear\" and hilt \"battle\".
Gerlind	Old German form of Gerlinde.
Gertrud	German form of Gertrude.
Gertrudis	Latinized form of Gertrude, also used in Spanish. As a Dutch name, it is used on birth certificates though a vernacular form such as Geertruida is typically used in daily life.
Gisila	Old German form of Giselle.
Goda 	Germanic name derived from the element guot meaning  or got meaning .
Godeliva	Feminine form of Goteleib. This was the name of an 11th-century Flemish saint who was murdered on her husband's orders.
Grimhilt	Old German form of Kriemhild.
Gunda	Short form of names containing the Old German element gunda meaning  (Proto-Germanic *gunþī).
Hadewidis	Germanic name derived from the elements hadu meaning \"battle, combat\" and wit meaning \"wide\".
Hadewig	Old German form of Hedwig.
Hailwic	Old German variant of Heilwig.
Heilwig	Derived from the Old German elements heil \"healthy, whole\" and wig \"war\".
Helewidis	Old German form of Eloise.
Herleva	Possibly from the Old German elements heri \"army\" and leiba \"remainder, remnant, legacy\" (or the Old Norse cognates herr and leif, see Herleif). This was the name of the mother of William the Conqueror, who, according to tradition, was a commoner.
Hilda	Originally a short form of names containing the Old Frankish element hildi, Old High German hilt, Old English hild meaning  (Proto-Germanic *hildiz). The short form was used for both Old English and continental Germanic names. Saint Hilda (or Hild) of Whitby was a 7th-century English saint and abbess. The name became rare in England during the later Middle Ages, but was revived in the 19th century.
Hildegard	Derived from the Old German elements hilt \"battle\" and gart \"enclosure, yard\". This was the name of the second wife of Charlemagne (8th century). Also, Saint Hildegard was a 12th-century mystic from Bingen in Germany who was famous for her writings and poetry and also for her prophetic visions.
Hildegund	Derived from the Old German elements hilt \"battle\" and gunda \"battle, war\". This was the name of a 12th-century German saint.
Hildigardis	Variant of Hildegard.
Hilditrut	Old German form of Hiltrud.
Hrodohaidis	Old German form of Rose.
Hrotsuitha	Old German variant of Hruodsuind.
Hruodsuind	Old German form of Roswitha.
Ida	Derived from the Germanic element id possibly meaning  (Proto-Germanic *idiz). The Normans brought this name to England, though it eventually died out there in the Middle Ages. It was strongly revived in the 19th century, in part due to the heroine in Alfred Tennyson's poem The Princess (1847), which was later adapted into the play Princess Ida (1884) by Gilbert and Sullivan.
Idalia	Probably from a Germanic name derived from the element idal, an extended form of id possibly meaning . Unrelated, this was also an epithet of the Greek goddess Aphrodite, given because the city of Idalion on Cyprus was a center of her cult.
Ima	Variant of Emma.
Inga	Strictly feminine form of Inge.
Irma	German short form of names beginning with the Old German element irmin meaning  (Proto-Germanic *ermunaz). It is thus related to Emma. It began to be regularly used in the English-speaking world in the 19th century.
Ishild	Germanic name, a hypothetical early form of Iseult.
Judda	Probably derived from the name of the Germanic tribe the Jutes, who originated in Denmark and later invaded and settled in England. The name of the tribe, recorded in Latin as Iutae and Old English as Eotas, is of uncertain origin.
Leutgard	Old German form of Luitgard.
Linda	Originally a medieval short form of Germanic names containing the element lind meaning  (Proto-Germanic *linþaz). It also coincides with the Spanish and Portuguese word linda meaning . In the English-speaking world this name experienced a spike in popularity beginning in the 1930s, peaking in the late 1940s, and declining shortly after that. It was the most popular name for girls in the United States from 1947 to 1952.
Linza	Old German form of Linda.
Liutgard	Old German variant of Leutgard.
Lutgardis	Latinized form of Leutgard (see Luitgard). In Flanders this form of the name is common on birth certificates, but it is usually rendered Lutgarde in daily life.
Mahthilt	Old German form of Matilda.
Mathildis	Variant of Mahthilt.
Oda	Feminine form of Otto. This was the name of a semi-legendary 8th-century saint who lived as a hermit in Brabant in the Netherlands.
Odila	Old German form of Odilia.
Odilia	Derived from the Old German element uodil meaning  or ot meaning . Saint Odilia (or Odila) was an 8th-century nun who is considered the patron saint of Alsace. She was apparently born blind but gained sight when she was baptized.
Ortrun	Derived from the Old German elements ort \"point\" and runa \"secret lore, rune\". In the medieval German epic Kudrun this is the name of Hartmut's sister.
Pharaildis	Derived from the Old German elements fara \"journey\" and hilt \"battle\". This was the name of an 8th-century saint from Ghent, Belgium.
Raganhildis	Old German form of Reinhild.
Raginhild	Old German form of Reinhild.
Richardis	Germanic name, possibly a feminine form of Ricohard, though it is likely the second element is gart \"enclosure\" (being more common as a second element in feminine names). This was the name of the 9th-century wife of the Frankish emperor Charles the Fat. She is regarded as a saint.
Ricmod	Derived from the Old German element rih \"ruler, king\" combined with muot \"mind, spirit\".
Romilda	Means  from the Germanic elements hruom \"fame, glory\" and hilt \"battle\".
Roslindis	Old German form of Rosalind.
Rosmunda	Old German form of Rosamund.
Rothaid	Variant of Hrodohaidis.
Roza 	Old German short form of feminine names beginning with Old Frankish hroþi or Old High German hruod meaning  (Proto-Germanic *hrōþiz).
Rumhilt	Old German form of Romilda.
Sahsa	Old German form of Saskia.
Saxa	Old German form of Saskia.
Sigihild	Old German form of Sieghild.
Sigilina	Old German form of Ségolène.
Sigilind	Old German form of Sieglinde.
Swanahilda	Old German form of Swanhild.
Theodelinda	Old German form of Dietlinde.
Theodoar	Germanic name composed of the elements theod meaning \"people\" (Old High German diota, Old Frankish þeoda) and war meaning \"aware, cautious\".
Theudelinda	Variant of Theodelinda (see Dietlinde).
Waldeburg	Old German form of Walburga.
Waldetrudis	Old German form of Waltraud.
Wigburg	Derived from the Old German elements wig \"war\" and burg \"fortress\".
Willidrud	Old German form of Wiltrud.
Wina	Germanic name derived from the element wini meaning  (Proto-Germanic *weniz).
