Áednat	Feminine form of Áed.
Affraic	Old Irish form of Aifric.
Aíbinn	Old Irish form of Aoibheann.
Aífe	Old Irish form of Aoife.
Ailbe	Old Irish form of Ailbhe.
Áine	Means  in Irish. This was the name of a goddess of love and fertility in Irish legend, thought to dwell at the hill of Cnoc Áine in Limerick. It has sometimes been Anglicized as Anne.
Bébinn	Means , from Old Irish bé "woman" and finn "white, blessed". This name was borne by several characters in Irish mythology, including the mother of the hero Fráech.
Brigit	Old Irish form of Bridget.
Cáelfind	Old Irish form of Caoilfhionn.
Ciar	Derived from Irish ciar meaning . In Irish legend Ciar was a son of Fergus mac Róich and Medb, and the ancestor of the tribe of the Ciarraige (after whom County Kerry is named). As a feminine name, it was borne by an Irish nun (also called Ciara) who established a monastery in Tipperary in the 7th century.
Damnat	Old Irish form of Damhnait.
Derbáil	Old Irish form of Dearbháil.
Derbiled	Old Irish form of Deirbhile.
Eithne	Possibly from Old Irish etne meaning . In Irish mythology Eithne or Ethniu was a Fomorian and the mother of Lugh Lámfada. It was borne by several other legendary and historical figures, including a few early saints.
Étaín	Possibly derived from Old Irish ét meaning . In Irish legend she is the subject of the 9th-century tale The Wooing of Étaín. She was the wife of Midir, but his jealous first wife Fuamnach transformed her into a fly. She was accidentally swallowed, and then reborn to the woman who swallowed her. After she grew again to adulthood she married the Irish high king Eochaid Airem, having no memory of Midir. Midir and Étaín were eventually reunited after Midir defeated Eochaid in a game of chess.
Fedelm	Possibly a feminine form of Feidlimid. This name is borne by several women in Irish legend including Fedelm Noíchrothach, a daughter of Conchobar the king of Ulster. It was also the name of a few early saints.
Fedelmid	Variant of Feidlimid.
Fedlimid	Variant of Feidlimid.
Feidlimid	Traditionally said to mean , it might be related to Old Irish feidil . This was the name of three early kings of Munster. It was also borne by a 6th-century saint, typically called Saint Felim. In Irish legend, it was the name of the father of Deirdre.
Flann	Means  in Irish. This was the name of a 9th-century high king of Ireland.
Gobnat	Old Irish form of Gobnait.
Gormflaith	Variant of Gormlaith.
Gormlaith	Derived from Old Irish gorm "blue" or "illustrious" and flaith "ruler, sovereign, princess". This was the name of several medieval Irish royals, including the wife of the 11th-century king Brian Boru.
Gráinne	Possibly derived from Old Irish grán meaning  or gráin meaning . In the Irish legend The Pursuit of Diarmaid and Gráinne she escaped from her arranged marriage to Fionn mac Cumhaill by fleeing with her lover Diarmaid. Another famous bearer was the powerful 16th-century Irish landowner and seafarer Gráinne Ní Mháille (known in English as Grace O'Malley), who was sometimes portrayed as a pirate queen in later tales.
Íte	Old Irish form of Íde.
Luigsech	Probably derived from the name of the mythological figure Lugh. This was the name of an obscure early Irish saint, mentioned in the martyrologies of Tallaght and Gorman.
Mairenn	Variant of Muirenn.
Muadnat	Old Irish form of Muadhnait.
Muirenn	From Old Irish muir "sea" and finn "white, blessed". This is another name of Muirne, the mother of the legendary hero Fionn mac Cumhaill.
Muirgel	Means , derived from Old Irish muir "sea" and gel "bright".
Odarnat	Old Irish form of Odharnait.
Oébfinn	Old Irish form of Aoibheann.
Órlaith	Means , from Old Irish ór "gold" combined with flaith "ruler, sovereign, princess". This name was borne by several medieval Irish royals, including a sister of the king Brian Boru.
Rathnat	Old Irish form of Rathnait.
Sadb	Probably derived from the old Celtic root *swādu- meaning . This was a common name in medieval Ireland. In Irish mythology Sadb was a woman transformed into a deer. She was the mother of Oisín by Fionn mac Cumhaill.
Síthmaith	From Old Irish síd meaning "peace" or "fairy mound, tumulus" and maith meaning "good".
Sláine	From Old Irish slán meaning . This was the name of a legendary high king of Ireland, one of the Fir Bolg. It was also the name of a daughter of the 11th-century high king Brian Boru.
Tuathflaith	From Old Irish túath "people, country" and flaith "ruler, sovereign, princess".
Tuileflaith	Old Irish form of Talulla.
