Addy 	Medieval diminutive of Adam.
Aldus	Medieval variant of Aldous.
Amis	Medieval name, a masculine form of Amice. It appears in the medieval French poem Amis and Amiles, about two friends who make sacrifices for one another.
Bate	Medieval diminutive of Bartholomew.
Col	Medieval short form of Nicholas.
Daw	Medieval diminutive of David.
Dicun	Medieval diminutive of Dick .
Elis	Swedish variant of Elias, as well as a medieval English form.
Elric	Middle English form of either of the Old English names Ælfric or Æðelric. Both were rarely used after the Norman Conquest.
Firmin	From the Late Latin name Firminus meaning . This was the name of several early saints, notably the 3rd-century bishop Saint Firmin (or Fermin) of Amiens who is especially venerated in Navarre, Spain.
Hamo	Norman form of Haimo. The Normans brought this name to Britain.
Hamon	Variant of Hamo.
Hankin	Diminutive of Hann.
Hann	Medieval English form of Iohannes (see John).
Herry	Medieval English form of Henry. Unlike Harry, this form is no longer used.
Hob	Medieval short form of Robert.
Hopkin	Medieval diminutive of Hob.
Hudde	Medieval diminutive of Hugh or possibly Richard.
Ilbert	Norman French form of Hildebert.
Jackin	Variant of Jankin.
Jan 	Medieval English form of John, derived from the Old French form Jehan.
Jankin	Medieval diminutive of Jan .
Judd	Medieval diminutive of Jordan. Modern use of this name is inspired by the surname that was derived from the medieval name.
Larkin	Medieval diminutive of Laurence .
Law	Medieval diminutive of Laurence .
Mack 	Medieval short form of Magnus, brought to Britain by Scandinavian settlers.
Morris	Usual medieval form of Maurice.
Nichol	Variant of Nicol .
Nicol 	Medieval English and Scottish form of Nicholas. This was the middle name of a character in the novel Rob Roy (1817) by Walter Scott.
Noll	Medieval diminutive of Oliver.
Ode	Medieval English form of Odo.
Pate	Medieval diminutive of Patrick.
Randel	Medieval diminutive of Randolf and other names beginning with the Germanic element rant meaning \"rim (of a shield)\".
Ranulf	Medieval English form of Raginolf. Norman settlers and invaders introduced this name to England and Scotland.
Roul	Norman French form of Rolf.
Stace	Medieval short form of Eustace. As a modern name it is typically a short form of Stacy.
Tenney	Medieval diminutive of Denis.
Wilkin	Medieval diminutive of William.
Wilky	Medieval diminutive of William.
Wilmot	Medieval diminutive and feminine form of William.
Wybert	Middle English form of Wigberht.
Wymond	Middle English form of the Old English name Wigmund, composed of the elements wig \"battle\" and mund \"protection\".
