Abbán	Means , derived from Irish abb \"abbot\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of a 6th-century Irish saint, the son of King Cormac of Leinster.
Áed	Old Irish form of Aodh.
Áedán	Old Irish form of Aodhán.
Áedh	Variant of Áed.
Ailbe	Old Irish form of Ailbhe.
Ailill	Means  in Irish. This name was borne by several early Irish kings. It also occurs frequently in Irish legend, borne for example by the husband of Queen Medb. It was also the name of two saints, both bishops of Armagh in the 6th century.
Amalgaid	Old Irish name of uncertain meaning. This was the name of a few early Irish kings.
Amlaíb	Old Irish form of Olaf.
Ardgal	Old Irish form of Ardghal.
Barrfind	Older form of Bairrfhionn.
Berach	Derived from Old Irish berach meaning . This was the name of a 6th-century Irish saint.
Bláán	From Old Irish blá meaning  combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of 6th-century Irish saint, a bishop of Kingarth on the Isle of Bute in Scotland.
Bran 	Means  in Irish. In Irish legend Bran mac Febail was a mariner who was involved in several adventures on his quest to find the Otherworld.
Bréanainn	Old Irish form of Brendan.
Brendanus	Latinized form of Bréanainn (see Brendan).
Brian	Meaning uncertain, possibly related to the old Celtic root *brixs  (Old Irish brií) or the related *brigā  (Old Irish briíg). It was borne by the Irish king Brian Boru, who thwarted Viking attempts to conquer Ireland in the 11th century. He was slain in the Battle of Clontarf, though his forces were decisively victorious. This name was common in Ireland after his time, and it was introduced to northern England by Norse-Gael settlers. It was also used in Brittany, and was brought to England by Bretons in the wake of the Norman Conquest. Though it eventually became rare in the English-speaking world, it was strongly revived in the 20th century, becoming a top-ten name for boys in most regions.
Broccán	Old Irish form of Brogán.
Caíndelbán	Derived from Old Irish caín \"handsome\" and delb \"form, image\" (with a diminutive suffix).
Cainnech	Old Irish form of Coinneach.
Carthach	Means  in Irish. This was the name of two Irish saints, from the 6th and 7th centuries.
Cathal	Derived from Old Irish cath \"battle\" and fal \"rule\". This was the name of a 7th-century Irish saint. It was also borne by several Irish kings. It has sometimes been Anglicized as Charles.
Cathalán	Diminutive of Cathal.
Cathán	Derived from Old Irish cath \"battle\" combined with a diminutive suffix. Saint Cathán was a 6th-century Irish monk, a missionary to the Isle of Bute.
Cathassach	Means  in Irish.
Cellach	Old Irish form of Ceallach.
Cellachán	Diminutive of Cellach. This name was borne by a 10th-century king of Munster.
Cennétig	Old Irish byname meaning either  or  (Old Irish cenn \"head\" and étiud \"armour, clothing\" or étig \"ugly, misshapen\"). This was the name of an Irish king, the father of Brian Boru.
Cerball	Old Irish form of Cearbhall.
Cian	Means  in Irish. In Irish mythology this was the name of the father of Lugh Lámfada. It was also borne by the mythical ancestor of the Ciannachta and by a son-in-law of Brian Boru.
Cianán	Diminutive of Cian. This was the name of a 5th-century Irish saint.
Ciar	Derived from Irish ciar meaning . In Irish legend Ciar was a son of Fergus mac Róich and Medb, and the ancestor of the tribe of the Ciarraige (after whom County Kerry is named). As a feminine name, it was borne by an Irish nun (also called Ciara) who established a monastery in Tipperary in the 7th century.
Ciarán	Diminutive of Ciar. This was the name of two 6th-century Irish saints: Ciarán the Elder, the founder of the monastery at Saighir, and Ciarán the Younger, the founder of the monastery at Clonmacnoise.
Cináed	Possibly from Old Irish cin \"respect, esteem, affection\" or cinid \"be born, come into being\" combined with áed \"fire\", though it might actually be of Pictish origin. This was the name of the first king of the Scots and Picts (9th century). It is often Anglicized as Kenneth. The originally unrelated name Coinneach is sometimes used as the modern Scottish Gaelic form.
Cóem	Old Irish form of Caomh.
Cóemán	Old Irish form of Caomhán.
Cóemgein	Old Irish form of Kevin.
Colmán	Diminutive of Colm (see Colum). This was the name of a large number of Irish saints.
Colum	Irish form of Columba. The Old Irish word columb or colum also means , derived from Latin columba.
Columb	Old Irish form of Columba.
Columbán	Possibly an Irish diminutive of Columba. Alternatively, it may be derived from Old Irish colum \"dove\" and bán \"white\". The 7th-century Saint Columbán of Leinster was the founder of several monasteries in Europe.
Comgal	Variant of Comhghall.
Comgall	Old Irish form of Comhghall.
Conall	Means , from Old Irish cú \"hound, dog, wolf\" (genitive con) and fal \"rule\". This is the name of several characters in Irish legend including the hero Conall Cernach (\"Conall of the victories\"), a member of the Red Branch of Ulster, who avenged Cúchulainn's death by killing Lugaid.
Conán	Irish Gaelic form of Conan.
Conchobar	Derived from Old Irish cú \"hound, dog, wolf\" (genitive con) and cobar \"desiring\". It has been in use in Ireland for centuries and was the name of several Irish rulers. It was borne by the Ulster king Conchobar mac Nessa, one of the central characters in the Ulster Cycle of Irish mythology, known for his tragic desire for Deirdre and his war with Queen Medb of Connacht.
Conláed	Old Irish form of Conleth.
Conn	Perhaps from Old Irish conn meaning  or cenn meaning . This was the name of a legendary high king of Ireland, Conn of the Hundred Battles.
Conrí	Means  in Irish.
Cormacc	Old Irish form of Cormac.
Cúán	Means  or  from Old Irish cú meaning \"wolf, hound\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of an 8th-century saint.
Cuimín	Probably from Old Irish camm meaning . This was the name of a 6th-century Irish saint.
Dálach	Derived from Old Irish dál meaning .
Damán	Old Irish form of Damhán.
Declán	Old Irish form of Declan.
Diarmait	Old Irish form of Diarmaid.
Domnall	Old Irish form of Domhnall (see Donald).
Donnchad	Old Irish form of Donnchadh (see Duncan).
Donndubán	Composed of the Old Irish element donn \"brown\" combined with dub \"dark\" and a diminutive suffix.
Dubán	Old Irish form of Dubhán.
Dubgall	Old Irish form of Dubhghall (see Dougal).
Dubhshláine	Derived from Old Irish dub \"dark, black\" and either slán \"challenge, defiance\" or Sláine, the Irish name of the River Slaney.
Dubthach	Old Irish name derived from dub \"dark, black\" in combination with a second element of unknown meaning. This was the name of a 6th-century saint, a bishop of Armagh. It also appears in Irish legend as a companion of Fergus mac Róich.
Echdonn	Old Irish form of Eachann.
Echthigern	Means  from Old Irish ech \"horse\" and tigerna \"lord\".
Énna	Possibly from Old Irish én meaning . This was the name of several Irish kings and heroes. It was also borne by a 6th-century saint who built the monastery of Killeany on Aran.
Énnae	Variant of Énna.
Eochaid	Old Irish form of Eochaidh.
Eógan	Old Irish form of Eoghan.
Fachtna	Possibly from Old Irish facht meaning . This was the name of a legendary high king of Ireland, said in some traditions to be the husband of Neasa and the father of Conchobar.
Fáelán	Old Irish form of Faolán.
Féchín	Means  from Old Irish fiach \"raven\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of an Irish saint of the 7th century, the founder of the monastery at Fore. He died of the yellow plague.
Fedelmid	Variant of Feidlimid.
Fedlimid	Variant of Feidlimid.
Féichín	Variant of Féchín.
Feidlimid	Traditionally said to mean , it might be related to Old Irish feidil . This was the name of three early kings of Munster. It was also borne by a 6th-century saint, typically called Saint Felim. In Irish legend, it was the name of the father of Deirdre.
Ferchar	Old Irish form of Fearchar.
Fergal	Means , derived from the Old Irish elements fer \"man\" and gal \"valour\". This was the name of an 8th-century king of Ireland. As well as the Old Irish form of the name, this is the usual Anglicization of the Modern Irish form Fearghal.
Fergus	Means , derived from the Old Irish elements fer \"man\" and guss \"vigour, strength, force\". This was the name of several early rulers of Ireland and Dál Riata, as well as many characters from Irish legend. Notably it was borne by the hero Fergus mac Róich, who was tricked into giving up the kingship of Ulster to Conchobar. However, he remained loyal to the new king until Conchobar betrayed Deirdre and Naoise, at which point he defected to Connacht in anger. The name was also borne by an 8th-century saint, a missionary to Scotland.
Fiachna	Derived from Irish fiach meaning . This is the name of several characters from Irish legend. It was also borne by Fiachna mac Báetáin, a 7th-century king of Dál Araide.
Fiachrae	Old Irish form of Fiachra.
Finn 	Old Irish form of Fionn, as well as the usual Anglicized spelling (with the Irish hero's name Anglicized as Finn McCool). As a surname it is borne by Huckleberry Finn, a character in Mark Twain's novels.
Finnán	Older form of Fionnán.
Finnbarr	Old Irish form of Finbar.
Finnén	Variant of Finnian.
Fintan	Possibly means either  or  in Irish. According to legend this was the name of the only Irish person to survive the great flood. This name was also borne by many Irish saints.
Flaithrí	Means  from Old Irish flaith \"ruler, sovereign, prince\" and rí \"king\".
Flann	Means  in Irish. This was the name of a 9th-century high king of Ireland.
Flannán	Diminutive of Flann. This was the name of a 7th-century saint.
Gallcobar	Old Irish form of Gallchobhar.
Garbán	Old Irish form of Garbhán.
Gobbán	Old Irish form of Gobán.
Iarlaithe	From an Old Irish element of unknown meaning combined with flaith \"ruler, sovereign\". Saint Iarlaithe was the founder of a monastery at Tuam in the 6th century.
Lachtnae	Old Irish form of Lachtna.
Lochlainn	Means  from Old Irish Lochlann, a name for Scandinavia. It means \"land of the lakes\", derived from loch \"lake\".
Lóegaire	Means , derived from Old Irish lóeg \"calf\". In Irish legend Lóegaire Búadach was an Ulster warrior. He saved the life of the poet Áed, but died in the process. This was also the name of several Irish high kings.
Lommán	Means , derived from Old Irish lomm \"bare\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of a 5th-century saint, a nephew of Saint Patrick.
Lonán	Means , derived from Old Irish lon \"blackbird\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This name was borne by several early saints.
Lorccán	Old Irish form of Lorcán.
Lugaid	Old Irish form of Lughaidh.
Macdara	Means  in Irish. This was the name of a 6th-century saint from Connemara.
Máedóc	Meaning unknown. Saint Máedóc (also known as Áedán) of Ferns was a 7th-century Irish bishop.
Maeleachlainn	Variant of Máel Sechlainn.
Máel Máedóc	Means  in Irish. Saint Máel Máedóc (also known as Malachy) was a 12th-century archbishop of Armagh.
Máel Sechlainn	Variant of Máel Sechnaill.
Máel Sechnaill	Means  in Irish. This was the name of two Irish high kings: Máel Sechnaill mac Máele Ruanaid who ruled all of Ireland in the 9th century; and Máel Sechnaill mac Domnaill (called Malachy) who defeated the Norse of Dublin in the 10th century.
Mainchíne	Old Irish form of Mainchín.
Mathgamain	Means  in Old Irish, a compound of math, itself meaning \"bear\", and gamuin meaning \"calf\". This was the name of a brother of the Irish king Brian Boru.
Mellán	Old Irish form of Meallán.
Muirchertach	Means  in Irish. This was the name of a 6th-century Irish high king.
Muiredach	Old Irish form of Muireadhach.
Murchad	Old Irish form of Murchadh.
Nechtan	Irish name of uncertain meaning, possibly from a Celtic root meaning  (cognate with Neptune). In Irish mythology Nechtan was the husband of Boann, the goddess of the River Boyne. He is sometimes identified with Nuada. This name was borne by the 5th-century Saint Nectan of Hartland in Devon, who was supposedly born in Ireland. It was also the name of several kings of the Picts (described mostly from Gaelic sources, this may represent a Pictish cognate).
Niall	Irish form of Neil.
Nuadu	Old Irish form of Nuada.
Odrán	Old Irish form of Odhrán.
Óengus	Old Irish form of Aonghus.
Oissíne	Old Irish form of Oisín.
Pátraic	Old Irish form of Patrick.
Riacán	Old Irish form of Riagán.
Rian	Irish form of Ryan, as well as an English variant.
Rígán	Old Irish form of Ríoghán.
Rígbarddán	Means , from Old Irish rí \"king\" (genitive ríg) combined with bard \"poet\" and a diminutive suffix.
Rónán	Means , derived from Old Irish rón \"seal\" combined with a diminutive suffix. This was the name of several early Irish saints, including a pilgrim to Brittany who founded the hermitage at Locronan in the 6th century.
Rúadán	Old Irish form of Ruadhán.
Ruaidrí	Old Irish form of Ruaidhrí.
Ruarcc	Old Irish form of Ruarc.
Sechnall	Old Irish form of Seachnall.
Ségdae	Old Irish form of Séaghdha.
Senán	Means , derived from Old Irish sen \"old\" combined with a diminutive suffix. Saint Senán was a 6th-century monk who founded the monastery on Inis Cathaigh.
Sláine	From Old Irish slán meaning . This was the name of a legendary high king of Ireland, one of the Fir Bolg. It was also the name of a daughter of the 11th-century high king Brian Boru.
Suibne	Old Irish form of Suibhne.
Tadg	Old Irish form of Tadhg.
Tadgán	Old Irish form of Tadhgán.
Tairdelbach	Old Irish form of Toirdhealbhach.
Tigernach	Old Irish form of Tighearnach.
Tigernán	Old Irish form of Tighearnán.
Tressach	Old Irish form of Treasach.
Túathal	Means , from Old Irish túath \"people, country\" and fal \"rule\". This was the name of a few Irish kings, including the legendary Túathal Techtmar.
